ssd-mobilenet-v1-variant-1 tensors (#1)
collabora/tensor-id-registry: tensor-groups/ssd-mobilenet-v1-variant-1-out.md

# Classification
- tensor-group: yes
- layer-type: output
- use-case: object-detection

# Description

Variant of ssd-mobilenet-v1 outputs. This tensor group is contain of four 
tensors that together describe the predictions ssd-mobilenet-v1. Count tensor is 

> a scalar the represent the number of object detection in the other 3 tensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a scalar that represents the number of object detections in the other 3 tensors.
```
